Linked List - A data structure represented by the connection of nodes, where order is determined by how the nodes are connected.
Example - Imagine a conga line of people. Imagine each person in the conga line is a 'node' and the person in front of them whose
shoulders they are touching is the node they are connected to. Each node can store data and to access nodes deeper in the line you
must pass through the other nodes between them.

Stacks - A data structure that stores information using the LIFO policy or Last in First out. Data is stored similar
to a stack of books where you can only access the top book. If you were to stack 3 books, the only book you would be able to 
access would be the last one you placed on top. Which gives it the name Last in First out because you can only access the last thing
added to the stack. A stack is also a section in a computer memory for static memory.

Hash Map - A hash map is a data structure that stores data based on some hashing function. A hashing function determines where we 
will store our data. 
Example - We have a list of names we want to store. For each name we add up the values of each letter (A=1, B=2,...Z=26) and
store it at that index. The name was the data we were storing, the hashing function was taking the sum of all the letters. This
data structure gives us much more control over other types.

Trees - A tree is a data structure where data is stored in nodes known an 'parent' and 'child' nodes. A good way to think of this
is like your own family tree. You and your siblings are the child nodes of your parents. And you parents/aunts/uncles are the child
nodes of their parents. Trees are an important data structure because unlike stacks and lists the data is stored non-linearly and
can be better organized.

Heaps - A heap is similar to a tree in structure, but is more specialized. Heaps can be made to have certain properties like "Min-Heap"
where each node is greater than or equal to it's parent. A heap is also a section in a computer memories for dynamic memeory. This
memory takes longer to access than the stack.
